♪ Hey, why is it happening ♪
♪ My heart is racing ♪
♪ The world has fallen silent ♪
♪ Hey, when I imagine you ♪
♪ What kind of look ♪
♪ Attracted me to you ♪
♪ Slowly, slowly, we fall in love ♪
♪ Slowly, slowly, I can't leave you ♪
♪ Slowly, slowly, I am with you ♪
♪ I love you ♪
♪ Slowly, slowly, we fall in love ♪
♪ Slowly, slowly, I can't leave you ♪
♪ Slowly, slowly, I am with you ♪
♪ I love you ♪
♪ Slowly, slowly, we fall in love ♪
♪ Slowly, slowly, I can't leave you ♪
♪ Slowly, slowly, I am with you ♪
♪ I love you ♪
♪ Slowly, slowly, we fall in love ♪
♪ Slowly, slowly, I can't leave you ♪
♪ Slowly, slowly, I am with you ♪
♪ I love you ♪
=Love Me, Love My Voice=
=Episode 22=
(- I can't sleep.
- You're also scared of the storm?)
The rain is so heavy.
Yeah, but I kind of like rainy days.
What do you think?
Almost there.
There are two school buses
back to school every afternoon.
It's about ten more minutes.
No rush.
Just wait patiently.
I remember when I was young,
bus stations were just poles and signs.
There was no rain shield.
Do you get home from my school easily?
I'll go straight
to the recording studio.
Getting a taxi can be tricky,
but that's OK.
I shouldn't have come to the branch.
I think it's a good idea.
What's good?
You came all this way to buy a book.
There are
so many bookstores in the city.
Consider it an experience.
At that time, our school had no branch.
I'm using you
as an excuse to experience it.
It was raining when we met once,
remember?
I do. We were in the car, right?
In the car.
Here it comes, let's go.
Wait.
This bag is not waterproof, dummy.
Let's go.
Wait a moment!
No rush, let them go first.
I see there are quite a few seats there.
Stand back a bit.
Let's go.
- I'll keep the rain off you.
- Thank you.
Go ahead, you go first.
- Sit towards the back, there.
- Let's sit over there.
I'll help you.
Thank you.
All set.
The rain is really heavy.
- What's the matter?
- Your hair.
I'll look for some tissue for you.
I think I've brought some.
I seem to have forgotten.
- Thank you.
- Wipe it off.
- You are being very meticulous.
- No, I usually don't carry tissues.
I asked Mao on my way out today.
He reminded me.
- Wipe it quickly. Need help?
- You go first.
- I don't need it. You wipe it.
- No need, you got wet.
- I'm a man, it's okay.
- You go ahead.
Just wipe it quickly.
It's always like this
at the beginning of a relationship.
Unlike us, now we grab whatever we get.
Who would dare to grab with you?
- You dare to argue.
- Ouch!
- Didn't you grab something?
- I did! It's all my fault!
- You wipe it.
- No need. I need to check my phone.
Something's up. I'll reply to it first.
You still work on weekends?
Entrepreneurs work
regardless of the time.
(I can't talk right now.)
(You guys go ahead. I'm listening.
If there's anything, I'll reply by text.)
Boss, where are you?
(In a place where everyone is asleep.)
You're awake.
Have you been replying to
WeChat messages until now?
I saw you asleep, so I've been working.
Boss, are you on a date?
You guys go ahead. I'll mute it.
(Microphone is off.)
You're in a meeting?
Sorry. They didn't hear what I said,
did they?
You spoke when it wasn't muted,
but you don't when I'm muted, why?
- I didn't know.
- It's okay. I'll continue the meeting.
- You go ahead, I won't speak.
- Okay.
Okay.
Alright, I got it.
That's it. Send me a synopsis later.
I'll hang up. Okay.
Do you have a pen?
Pen?
Yes, wait.
- Is this okay?
- Good.
(Gift for Geng Xiaoxing)
(Gift for Geng Xiaoxing
from Juemei Shayi)
- Thank you, Mr. Juemei Shayi.
- You're welcome.
I'll send you
the Yangshuo photos via Cloud Drive.
- Right, the photos. Just send me.
- Good.
It's sent.
Received, thank you.
(Welcome Home)
The wind is very strong outside today.
The big tree between the dormitory
and the cafeteria has fallen down.
- Scared? I'll be on the phone with you.
- I'm too old to be scared of the wind.
I have to go do the laundry now.
Few people use washing machines now.
- Then, you go ahead.
- All right, I'm hanging up now.
Is Sheng at home tonight?
- She should be at home.
- That's good.
There's a rain warning today.
Several subway lines are closed.
It's a good thing you came back early
or you might be trapped in the branch.
I'll go do laundry first.
(It's raining so hard,
I wonder if he has arrived safely.)
- What is he writing?
- What is he doing?
- You're quite narcissistic, you know?
- What? Just practicing my signature.
- Hand it over.
- What for?
I'll sign one for you.
What do you think?
It's better than yours, right?
- A signature competition. I'll sign one.
- What are you two doing?
Stop it.
These cost money.
What if no one wants it?
What do you mean?
Even though we're not as famous as you.
But we also have our own names.
Though we don't get as many chances
to sign as you do.
But we should at least have the right
to entertain ourselves.
- Isn't what you just said too much?
- Too much.
- Is there something going on?
- We...
How did you come back?
- How come you're back already?
- Why shouldn't I come back?
Imagine how romantic it would be
to be trapped by a heavy rain,
spending an entire night
in the classroom at the branch.
Mao, wait a minute.
Please make it clear. Who?
Right. You make it clear. Who?
Who?
- Nobody.
- Fine.
- I'm going home. You guys chat.
- Speaking half way.
- Really pointless.
Juemei.
You're going a bit too far.
- My uncle won't print them for you.
- Why?
- No, I'm signing them all today.
- Wang Ke.
Give it all to me.
- Get out.
- I'll help you, wait for me!
- What's wrong? Leave me some.
- Both of you, out.
How is it? Interesting?
A preserved project of our studio.
They are all quite lovely in private.
But Mr. Mo and Mr. Feng rarely come by.
- Now we barely see them once a week.
- They are busy.
You have missed our best times.
Everyone was here in our school days.
This place was really busy at that time.
H-Hurry!
Sheng, it's raining so heavily.
Where are you now? Be very careful.
I am at a friend's house now.
It's too dangerous now.
I'll go home when it cools down.
- Just wait. Call me if you're scared.
- What's there to be scared of?
You all mustn't go out.
It's too dangerous now.
- Alright, you don't go out either.
- Okay, goodbye.
- Dr. Mo.
- Hello.
- (Hello, listeners.)
- Dr. Mo, you have finished the surgery.
(Let's focus on the weather.)
(Some areas of our city have been affected
by the heavy rain cloud cluster.)
(It is expected
that the heavy rainfall will continue.)
(Ancheng weather station issued)
(an orange warning for
heavy rain at 21:00 tonight.)
(Please be prepared.)
(Once again. Some areas of our city)
(have been affected by
the heavy rain cloud cluster.)
(It is expected
that the heavy rainfall will continue.)
You're off work early today,
but this rain makes it hard to drive.
It's okay.
I can take the subway.
There will be few people in the subway.
We are in the branch office, okay?
Both subway lines are shut down.
- I'm afraid you can't take the subway.
- Yeah, that's true.
It's okay. I'll wait,
and have something to eat.
Okay, then, Dr. Mo, you take a rest.
I'll go to work first.
- Okay, go ahead.
- All right.
(Are you okay in the hospital?)
Just finished a surgery.
(Is it convenient
to have a voice chat now?)
Hello?
- Where are you, the branch or the main?
- At the branch.
I had three surgeries in the afternoon
after the outpatient clinic
and I have been working until now.
Have you eaten something?
Youjian river snails rice noodles.
[*Youjian means once again]
Your mom mentioned Yangshuo, Guilin today.
It reminded me of those days.
I found a cup of
river snails rice noodles in the cupboard,
so I'm making it.
It's my dinner.
Youjian. I was just thinking
what brand Youjian is.
Are you home?
You didn't get stuck outside, did you?
I'm already home.
You're making me hungry.
Wait, let me to get something to eat.
Okay. Going to the kitchen for food?
Right, to the kitchen,
wait for me to go downstairs.
(Are you on duty at the hospital?)
(Yes, I just switched shifts.)
(Help me check the supermarket
across the street.)
(Supermarket?)
(To see if there is a girl trapped.
And take care of yourself.)
(Girl?)
(Just take a look from a distance.
Don't go inside and scare her.)
(Okay, right away.)
(Sheng)
- Found something good to eat?
- No, my mom doesn't like leftovers.
I've discovered something good.
Can you believe my mom actually bought
some river snails rice noodles at home?
What a coincidence.
Right.
- Why are you not speaking?
- It's ready, I'm eating now.
The taste is okay, but of course,
it's not as good as the ones cooked.
That's true. The river snails rice noodles
we had in Guilin
had more than
a dozen different toppings.
And the snails were all in big chunks.
Eat slowly. Wait for me.
Okay, I'll wait for you.
I've placed the fork on the box.
Then let's make a video call,
so we can see each other eat.
I can't right now.
My grandfather is still awake.
It would be bad if he comes and sees it,
and my parents are both here today.
Okay.
Reporting to Mr. Mo,
I'm going to add seasonings now.
- I've already had two bites.
- Then I need to speed up.
- Reporting to Mr. Mo, I'm going to eat.
- Then let's begin.
- I think this spiciness is just right.
- So is mine.
Hey, open the door! Please!
There are guests. I need to hang up.
Open the door, please.
- Sorry, we've closed.
- Do you have raincoats? I want one.
Raincoat. The rain is too heavy.
- My umbrella is broken.
- Come in.
Miss, do you have any raincoats?
- You need raincoat? Please wait.
- Yes.
- Here is the raincoat.
- Thank you.
- How much is it?
- Twenty-five.
- I'll pay you. Scan the code, okay?
- Over here.
I can't turn on my phone.
- It's okay, forget it. It's for you.
- It got wet and broke down.
- Then I'll pay you tomorrow, okay?
- Okay.
Thank you then, I'll leave.
The rain is too heavy.
- Thank you, I'll pay you tomorrow.
- Be careful.
- Thank you, you can go back.
- Be safe.
Get in! Let me help you!
- This rain.
- Thank you. Thank you for this.
Don't mention it.
- May I ask what you want to buy?
- I'm not buying anything.
Then what are you...?
I'm taking a look.
- Taking a look of?
- Of... you.
- Of me?
- Of you.
Well...
Let me tell you the truth.
My name is Zhang Lele. I am a doctor
from the hospital across the street.
Mo Qingcheng is my colleague.
He asked me to come and check on you.
- You scared me to death.
- You scared me to death. Sorry.
How does he know I am here?
He just knows. He is so smart.
- I'm sorry for the trouble.
- It's okay.
You're all soaked.
Let me get you a towel to wipe yourself.
Thank you.
- Here you go.
- Thank you.
Uh, there's something
I'm quite curious about.
Dr. Mo specifically asked me
to check on you on such a rainy day.
You two must be close.
Are you his girlfriend?
I've done the mission Dr. Mo gave me.
I still have a shift,
so I'll head back first.
Wait, let me get you a pair of slippers.
Your shoes are all wet.
No need, sister-in-law,
I'll have him reimburse me.
- What about food? Do you want to some?
- There's some in the lounge, I'm leaving.
Then,
be careful.
- Be careful!
- Lock the door. Don't open it for anyone.
- Take care!
- I'm off.
Your colleague was here just now.
You really can't be fooled,
you guess it all.
Has he gone back?
Yes, he said he has a night shift
and went back.
- Hello?
- Dr. Mo.
Our sister-in-law is already safe
in the supermarket.
Mission completed successfully.
I am reliable, right?
- You're being reliable, thanks.
- Just saying thank you is not enough.
I braved heavy rain to do you a favor.
You must reward me well.
Well...
When did you start
to enjoy doing such stealthy things?
Is she the clam girl
from the phone call?
When did you start dating?
How come you never told me?
I'll tell you later.
- Dr. Mo, are you leaving? It's raining.
- I know.
My girlfriend is still outside.
Wait a bit, it's rainy outside.
The rain is pouring down heavily today.
It just doesn't stop.
Can't get delivery in this weather,
I'm hungry, and Chef Qiang isn't here.
I'll cook.
You'll make me doubt the food,
and then doubt humanity itself, okay?
- Where did you copy that line from?
- It was improvised on the spot.
Little girl would be scared
to sleep alone in this weather.
Who are you talking about? Doudou?
She is a force to reckon with,
the real boss behind
The Perfect Voice Studio.
What does she fear?
She is recording
the rain sounds outside,
saying that this lifelike sound
can be of use later.
That's her.
Mao.
Can you open that project for me later?
I'll stay up and finish tomorrow's work.
I'll just open the project for you.
Everything else is none of my business.
Okay.
See? Someone can't sleep
because he hasn't sent a WeChat message.
Too young.
Still too young.
When is Doudou coming back?
I miss her so much.
You are acting strange today.
You mentioned Doudou many times.
What? Do you miss her?
You have been brothers for many years.
You can't be like this.
Apart from Mr. Qiang Qingci,
Doudou cooks the best food. I'm hungry.
Hungry, do you understand?
I will try it myself.
I don't believe it.
No, I don't agree.
How is this song getting scarier
the more it plays?
♪ Where should I start
about millions of dawns and dusks ♪
♪ Depict a stroke of rain
before the mountain, stars beyond the sky ♪
♪ Bit by bit, it outlines
yesterday and today ♪
I'm going over there to take a look.
♪ The rain and fog
over the mountains are intriguing ♪
♪ It seems I can't get enough of seeing
The once inexhaustible journey ♪
♪ On this journey, the stars accompany me
along thousands of miles ♪
♪ I walk down with you ♪
♪ Spending dawns and dusks together
for a hundred years ♪
Stop, pull over the car.
♪ When the clouds are low, it rains ♪
♪ I was moved
when you were singing softly ♪
♪ Since then, I hear stars every night
And rains at midnight ♪
♪ I could hear you
among millions of voices ♪
Let's have something to eat.
♪ I hear your monologue ♪
♪ Saying I miss you so much ♪
♪ Like knowing the implied meaning
of a picture ♪
♪ Knowing your happiness and sadness ♪
♪ Lightly falling
outside and inside the dream ♪
♪ With you in this life ♪
♪ There is a voice
that soaks the green plums ♪
that wrinkles the blue sky ♪
♪ Shedding an invisible spring rain ♪
♪ The world is drunk at a timid moment ♪
♪ We talk and laugh
as if we are holding hands ♪
♪ We stay silent
like falling behind the sunset ♪
♪ That moment is still lingering ♪
(With the lights on at this time,
everything can be seen inside.)
(Turn off the lights.
I need to turn off the lights.)
♪ You flow through my heart like a river ♪
♪ Echoing with the constant gentleness
of the bright moon ♪
♪ Looking back
among fleeting and everlasting moments ♪
♪ We embrace as we look around ♪
♪ Each sound is a promise of forever
to a lifetime ♪
(I'm snacking.)
You feel like eating? Then I'm relieved.
Where are you?
I'm at the hospital.
You must not go anywhere
at a time like this.
Got it.
Sheng, are you scared?
A little bit.
Aren't you sleeping? Aren't you tired?
I'm fine, you don't need to call me.
I can't sleep.
You're also scared of the storm?
You said that you used to
listen to my audio dramas to sleep.
In high school.
Then we don't hang up tonight.
We can chat until you fall asleep.
Or, if there is really nothing to chat,
I can also recite the script.
The lines of the audio drama you like.
Tell me and I will read them for you.
Or some lines that I can remember,
I can recite them directly for you.
All you have to do is talk.
Anything will do.
There is a fire truck?
I suppose so.
Fire departments are called out
more frequently in this kind of weather.
- Play a song?
- Sure.
♪ Turning the years into a drifting boat ♪
♪ Sailing through
the tumult and winding sorrow ♪
♪ I fear that the past will be crushed
by the coming cold wind ♪
♪ And stirred into
a piece of tranquil river water ♪
♪ Touching the crack with my fingertips ♪
♪ I dare not look at the haggard faces
and gray hair in the mirror ♪
♪ After many years,
the longing remains as sharp ♪
♪ And our shadows are thinner ♪
♪ Grinding the memories into ink ♪
♪ And writing them on the paper ♪
♪ The mirror and the person
are both gone ♪
♪ Where could I ask for the return date ♪
♪ The bronze mirror shatters at farewell ♪
♪ It's hard to convey the lovesickness ♪
♪ Over millions of miles ♪
♪ I laugh at the fame
and wealth of my life ♪
♪ I picture it as a flower in the mirror ♪
♪ It's hard to rival
a cup of tea in your hand ♪
♪ We drink from the same cup ♪
♪ And we share joy and sorrow ♪
♪ We drink down the past memories ♪
♪ Being together from morning till night ♪
♪ Or alone in the corner of the world ♪
♪ Frost whitens the hair
in front of the forehead ♪
♪ Looking at the world, where is my home ♪
♪ I wish the clear frost
glitter in the moonlight ♪
♪ Reflecting the couple in the mirror ♪
♪ Return with you ♪
Hello, are you okay?
I'm fine, can you open the door for me?
Sheng, open the door.
How come you are here?
- Hurry in!
- Come in quickly!
- Let me.
- I'll turn on the lights first.
You...
Stunned?
There's a bit of traffic.
Or I could be half an hour earlier.
Where did you come from?
I came from the branch.
Look, you're completely soaked.
Let me get a towel for you.
Wait for me.
It's not safe for a girl
to sleep in a supermarket
at this hour.
Bad people hide during torrential rain.
It's not safe for them either.
Let me.
Thank you.
Did your shoes get wet?
Should I find you a pair of slippers?
It's okay. No need, I changed them
before getting in the car.
- Give it to me.
- Okay.
I suddenly feel
that it's not bad living here.
With food and drinks.
And you can eat whatever you like.
Okay, I'll pay
for whatever you've opened tonight.
Why would you pay
at my family's supermarket?
You're keeping me company tonight,
so I should be the one treating you.
Eat as you please, it's all on me.
I know.
This.
Let me.
Thank you.
Won't you be scared here alone at night?
I was actually quite scared just now.
It's dark outside.
Only our supermarket was lit up.
I got scared immediately.
It's safer to turn off the lights
at this time, right?
Well analyzed.
Also, when the music is
playing publicly and the store is empty,
the louder the music is,
the more frightening it gets.
Putting on headphones instead,
calms me down.
You're all wet. What should I do?
Do you have raincoats or umbrellas?
I have clean clothes in my car.
I can bring them in to change.
Yes, here.
♪ Turning the years into a drifting boat ♪
♪ Sailing through
the tumult and winding sorrow ♪
♪ I fear that the past will be crushed
by the coming cold wind ♪
♪ And stirred into
a piece of tranquil river water ♪
♪ Touching the crack with my fingertips ♪
♪ I dare not look at the haggard faces
and gray hair in the mirror ♪
♪ After many years,
the longing remains as sharp ♪
♪ And our shadows are thinner ♪
♪ Grinding the memories into ink ♪
♪ And writing them on the paper ♪
♪ The mirror and the person
are both gone ♪
♪ Where could I ask for the return date ♪
♪ The bronze mirror shatters at farewell ♪
♪ It's hard to convey the lovesickness ♪
♪ Over millions of miles ♪
♪ I laugh at the fame
and wealth of my life ♪
♪ I picture it as a flower in the mirror ♪
♪ It's hard to rival
a cup of tea in your hand ♪
♪ We drink from the same cup ♪
♪ And we share joy and sorrow ♪
♪ We drink down the past memories ♪
♪ Being together from morning till night ♪
♪ Or alone in the corner of the world ♪
♪ Frost whitens the hair
in front of the forehead ♪
♪ Looking at the world, where is my home ♪
♪ I wish the clear frost
glitter in the moonlight ♪
♪ Reflecting the couple in the mirror ♪
♪ Return with you ♪
♪ After being separated for half a life ♪